- [Instructor] Thanks for watching this course
on the foundations of GitOps.
Before we wrap up, I want to provide you
with some advice on how to get started
with GitOps and give you some information
about my other courses.
So here's my recommendations
for getting started with GitOps.
First if you can start with a new project,
it makes the first experience much easier.
Some technologies do not have declarative configurations,
starting fresh gives you more flexibility
to choose from tools that support GitOps principles.
After you select the tools,
set up your Git repositories
and carefully plan out the security,
keep a separation of duties and determine who can approve
peers on each repository and branch.
Then you'll need to write and commit the infrastructure code
for your cluster and other custom resources
that are used by your GitOps tools.
The course highlighted several GitOps operators
to choose from and there's many tools
that can help you provision the underlying
cluster infrastructure.
Once the workflow is up and running, it's simple,
push all of your changes through Git
and let automation handle the rest.
That's the pattern.
If you like my teaching style,
I have a few other courses on the LinkedIn learning platform
that might interest you.
I can teach you about other topics like Microservices, APIs,
Java, Spring or Git, if you're interested.
If you want to tag me when you post your course certificate,
I always like to interact with learners taking my courses.
So that's it for now.
Congratulations on finishing this course
and thanks again for taking it.